welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the tindrum
in 1899 joseph kolaczyk
the grandfather of oscar mozart the main
character
is being pursued by the police through
rural kashubia
located in modern day poland he hides
underneath the skirts of a young woman
named anna bronski
he has sex with her and she tries to
hide her emotions
as the troops pass close by she later
gives birth to their daughter
who is oscar's mother joseph evades the
authorities for a year
but when they find him again he either
drowns or escapes to america
and becomes a millionaire anna's
daughter agnes has two lovers
her cousin jan bronski a polish post
office worker
and alfred mozarth a chef whom she
marries
the two men are great friends
agnes gives birth to a son oscar
oscar's parentage is uncertain oscar
himself believes he is jan's son
in 1927 on oscar's third birthday
he is given a tindrum reflecting on the
antics of his drunken parents and
friends
he decides to stop growing and throws
himself down the cellar stairs
from that day on he does not grow at all
oscar discovers that he can shatter
glass with his voice
an ability he often uses whenever he is
upset
oscar's drumming also causes the members
of a nazi rally to start dancing
during a visit to the circus oscar
befriends bebra
a performing dwarf who chose to stop
growing at age 10.
when alfred agnes jan and oscar are on
an outing to the beach
they see an eel picker collecting eels
from a horse's head used as bait
the site makes agnes vomit repeatedly
alfred buys some of the eels and
prepares them for dinner that night
when he insists that agnes eat them she
becomes distraught and retreats to the
bedroom
jan enters and comforts her all with an
earshot of oscar who is hiding in the
closet
she calmly returns to the dinner table
and eats the eels
over the next few days she binges on
fish
anna bronski helps reveal that agnes is
worried her pregnancy is due to her
relations with jan
in anger agnes vows that the child will
never be born
she dies though the cause is never
revealed
at the funeral oscar encounters
sigismund marcus
the kindly jewish toy seller who
supplies him with replacement drums
and who was also in love with agnes
marcus is ordered by two of the mourners
to leave because he is jewish
nazism is on the rise and the jewish and
polish residents of danzig are under
increasing pressure
marcus later commits suicide after his
shop is vandalized and a synagogue is
burned down by saw men
on the 1st of september 1939
oscar and jan go looking for kobiela who
can repair his drum
jan slips into the polish post office
despite a nazi cordon
and participates in an armed standoff
against the nazis
during the ensuing battle kobiela is
fatally shot and jan is wounded
they place scat until copiella dies and
the germans capture the building
oscar is taken home while jan is
arrested and later executed
alfred hires 16-year-old maria to work
in his shop
oscar seduces maria but later discovers
alfred having sex with her
oscar bursts into the room makes alfred
ejaculate inside her
when he was expected to pull out to
avoid getting her pregnant
causing maria to become angry at alfred
when he blames oscar for the inadvertent
insemination
while rinsing her vagina in an attempt
to remove the deposited semen
she and oscar fight and he hits her in
the groin
she later gives birth to a son who oscar
is convinced as his
oscar also has a brief sexual
relationship with lena greth
the wife of the local grocer and
scoutmaster
it is implied that lena was sexually
frustrated as her husband preferred to
spend more time with the hitler youth
boys
lena's husband later commits suicide or
is executed
after an official from the nazi regime
catches him
playing with those boys during world war
ii oscar meets bebra and roswell another
dwarf
performer in bieber's successful troupe
oscar decides to join them using his
glass shattering voice as part of the
act
oscar and roswell have an affair but she
is killed by artillery fire during the
allied invasion of normandy while on
tour
oscar returns home much of the city has
been destroyed and the russians are fast
approaching
oscar gives maria's three-year-old son
kurt a tindrum like his own
the russians break into the cellar where
the family is hiding
[Music]
some of them gang raped lena alfred is
killed by a soldier after swallowing and
choking violently and his nazi party pin
later matsurath's shop goes to mario
spangold
a jewish survivor of treblinka who also
takes care of alfred's funeral
during alfred's burial oscar decides to
grow up
and throws his drum into the grave
as he does kurt throws a stone at his
head and he falls into the grave
afterward an attendee announces oscar is
growing again
the family apart from anna bronski leave
for the west
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]